my kids and way more at a given
aids and I never even imagined I
have noticed it also might get a
smarter than me and it's really
pisses me it's just something
out of anything that has to do
with anything and has a great
deal to do with them having the
ability to find out anything so
if you were sort of short dumpy
kid and then you find science
fiction this doesn't necessarily
play into your social life
anymore than you had before you
started that correct
so so so but that was ok so I
wasn't had really discovered the
other half of the human race yet
I bring that up today by the
internet keeps can find one
another and so in a tire social
universe has risen up they can
meet your needs much more
difficult before it was
difficult because none geeks
would would never breed with
gigs and gigs didn't know you
were like too long he gonna
class you couldn't you couldn't
gather and you know maybe there
was like a chess club or
something but yeah the rise of
the geek yeah yeah you know i i
joke was in line in the Bible
he was mistranslated it's in the
geek shall inherit the earth in
the home run intelligence is a
survival factor and intelligence
he is how we have all the
reasons and it is much to be
treasured and with the current
crop of you know people who for
home scientists inconvenient in
our trailer quarterly report for
the Toffees here they're
difficult part of their
philosophies contradict that you
know it was made six thousand
years ago really erode I'm sure
you know it's really crucial
that we do encourage more and it
is great that they can
communicate the people that with
intelligence in education can
communicate with each other and
that they feel they have a
sphere to exist in and that they
have no doubt you that they feel
you know that there is a life
for them and and that they get
recognized for achievement in
that area